Tutorial: How to set up Android remote config (#10508)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/tutorials/android-remote-config.md

---
title: How to set up Android remote config
date: 2025-01-28
author:
 - ian-vanagas
tags:
 - feature flags
---

> [Remote config](/docs/feature-flags/remote-config) enables you to update your Android app's settings and behavior instantly without deploying new code or waiting for app store approval. This helps you control features access on the fly and disable them instantly if needed.

Reviewer: way to frame the benefit!

```kotlin
package com.example.posthogremoteconfig

import android.app.Application
import com.posthog.android.PostHogAndroid
import com.posthog.android.PostHogAndroidConfig

class MyApplication : Application() {
    override fun onCreate() {
        super.onCreate()

        val config = PostHogAndroidConfig(
            apiKey = "<ph_project_api_key>",
            host = "<ph_client_api_host>"
        )
        PostHogAndroid.setup(this, config)
    }
}
```

Finally, in your `app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml` file, add a reference to your application class: 

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<manifest xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"
    xmlns:tools="http://schemas.android.com/tools">

    <application
        android:name=".MyApplication"
        ... rest of existing file
```

## 3. Creating our remote config

> With PostHog set up, let's create a remote config flags to control our app's welcome message:

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
With the integration set up, let's create a remote config flags to control our app's welcome message:
```

"with PostHog set up," but then we set things up IN PostHog
